example(yugabyte_db):Add yugabyte_db connector example (#332)
fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk: connectors/yugabyte_db/README.md

- Connection errors - `psycopg2.OperationalError` caught with guidance to check host, port, and credentials
- Query errors - `psycopg2.ProgrammingError` caught with guidance about table existence and permissions
- General database errors - Other `psycopg2.Error` exceptions caught and logged
- Graceful cleanup - Connection closure in finally block with error handling for cleanup failures
- Detailed logging - All errors logged using SDK logging framework (`log.severe()`, `log.warning()`) before raising
- Descriptive error messages - Runtime exceptions include context about what failed and how to fix it

Refer to the `create_connection()` function for connection error handling and the `update()` function for comprehensive sync error handling.

## Tables created
The connector dynamically replicates all tables found in the specified schema. Each table retains its original name and structure from the source database.

Table schemas are automatically inferred by Fivetran, with primary keys explicitly defined during schema discovery. For tables with an `updated_at` column, incremental syncing is enabled. Tables without this column perform full syncs on each run.

> The connector will create destination tables matching all tables found in your YugabyteDB schema. For example, if you have the following tables in your database:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The connector creates destination tables matching all tables found in your YugabyteDB schema. For example, if you have the following tables in your database:
```
